round2 of improvements (#11)
ofirgall/learn-nvim: chapters/07-vim-goodies.md

* `:%s/ofir/gal/` - will find the first occurrences in each line in in the buffer of `ofir` and will replace them with `gal`
* `:%s/ofir/gal/g` - The same as above but for all occurrences

#### Plugins
With [text-case.nvim](https://github.com/johmsalas/text-case.nvim) you can replace text and preserve the casing of the text.

When executing `:Subs/ofir gal/amit tamari` on this text:
```
OfirGal
ofirGal
```
It results this text:
```
AmitTamari
amitTamari
```

> Also it provides lua API to change case, I created those user command to change cases fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also it provides lua API to change case, I created these user commands to change casing fast.
```
